( broadcast music playing )
Announcer:
THE WINNER OF TONIGHT'S MATCH
WILL CONTINUE ON TO FACE YURI,
WHO WON A DECISIVE K. O.
JUST A FEW DAYS AGO.
WILL "GEARLESS" JOE,
WHO SLID INTO THE FINAL SLOT,
ENDURE THE ONSLAUGHT
OF GLEN BURROUGHS
AND PULL OFF
ANOTHER MIRACULOUS WIN?
EXPECTATIONS ARE HIGH AFTER
HIS DEFEAT OF MIKIO SHIRATO,
AND NOT JUST
WITH MEDIA EXPERTS, EITHER.
EVEN THE EXACTING STANDARDS
OF OVERSEAS BOOKMAKERS
ARE PREDICTING
A VICTORY FOR JOE.
THE CURRENT ODDS ARE LISTED
BETWEEN 3‐TO‐1 AND 5‐TO‐1.
‐ ( turns off radio )
‐ ( phone chirping )
( Nanbu groans )
YEAH?
Fujimaki: AMAZING, ISN'T IT?
YOU'VE GOT
THE WHOLE WORLD FOOLED
WITH THIS SCAM OF YOURS.
Nanbu: I DON'T REMEMBER
ASKING FOR ANY PROTECTION.
Fujimaki: MY APOLOGIES
IF THEY PUT YOU OFF.
I'M SURE YOU'LL DO
THE RIGHT THING.
SEE YOU AT THE ARENA.
HMM.
( heart beating )
( tires squeal )
♪
( singing in Japanese )
( birds chirping )
( Sachio grunts )
THEY WERE OUT BY THE DUMPSTER,
SO I JUST THOUGHT...
Yukiko: THAT'S VERY KIND.
Sachio: JUST PAYING YOU BACK
FOR THE ROOM AND ALL THE FOOD.
I DON'T WANNA END UP
HAVING TO OWE YOU ANYTHING.
Yukiko: I COULD NEVER
TAKE CARE OF FLOWERS.
THEY ALWAYS DIE
BEFORE THE PETALS FALL. EH?
IS THAT A GOOD LUCK CHARM?
( Sachio gasps )
WELL, I'M LOOKING
AFTER JOE'S I. D., SO...
Yukiko: YOU MADE THAT
WITH HIM IN MIND?
Sachio: TO BE HONEST...
MY MOM LIKED THESE FLOWERS.
( Yukiko gasps )
YOU CAN STILL JOIN ME, YOU KNOW.
COME ON. THERE'S TIME.
Sachio: I'M NOT GOING!
I'VE MADE UP MY MIND, OKAY?!
Yukiko: DON'T YOU WANT
TO SEE EVERYTHING FIRSTHAND,
JOE STANDING IN THE RING
AT MEGALONIA?
Sachio: I DON'T NEED
TO SEE HIM TO KNOW!
JOE WON'T LOSE
BEFORE HE FIGHTS YURI!
( Yukiko gasps )
( door opens, closes )
I SEE.
WELL, WE ALL HAVE
CHOICES TO MAKE.
( overlapping chatter )
♪
Ring announcer: GLEN BURROUGHS!
THE HEAVYWEIGHT BOXER
WHO STALKS THE RING LIKE
A LION STALKS THE WASTELANDS.
FACING THIS WILD BEAST,
THE MAN WHO FIGHTS
WITH NOTHING BUT HIS FISTS,
THE UNARMED HUNTER...
♪
THE MAN WHO'S SCORED
UPSET AFTER MIRACULOUS UPSET
WITH NO ENHANCEMENT,
"GEARLESS" JOE!
( blows striking bag )
Sachio: HEY, JOE,
I WAS WONDERING.
WHAT DO YOU DO
WHEN YOU'RE SCARED?
Joe: HUH?
Sachio: LIKE WHEN YOU'RE
AFRAID TO MAKE A MOVE
AND YOU FREEZE UP.
I WANNA‐‐
I WANNA BE ABLE
TO FIGHT ON MY OWN, TOO.
Joe: TOUCH SOMETHING AROUND YOU.
DOESN'T MATTER WHAT IT IS.
Sachio: HUH?
Joe: IT HELPS YOU FOCUS,
PUTS YOU IN THE MOMENT.
IT REMINDS YOU
OF WHAT YOU NEED TO DO.
THAT'S A TRICK I LEARNED
A LONG TIME AGO.
IT'S PROBABLY
A LOAD OF CRAP, THOUGH.
Sachio: WHAT THE HELL?
WHO TAUGHT YOU
THAT BUNCH OF NONSENSE?
( overlapping chatter )
Yukiko: UH, ONE MOMENT, PLEASE.
WOULD YOU LIKE ANYTHING?
Yuri: NO.
Yukiko: VERY WELL.
THANK YOU. YOU CAN GO.
Server: MY PLEASURE, MA'AM.
PARDON ME.
I'VE BROUGHT YOUR MEAL.
( gasps )
( door closes )
Gangster: ALL OUR CUSTOMERS
ARE BUYING THE HYPE
AND BETTING ON JOE,
JUST AS WE HOPED.
UNFORTUNATELY FOR THEM,
HE'S GOING DOWN
IN HIS FIRST MATCH
OF THE TOURNEY.
WRAP IT UP IN THE THIRD ROUND
WITH A MINUTE TO GO.
HAVE HIM PUT ON A GOOD SHOW
UP 'TIL THEN.
Fujimaki: THIS WATER'S GOT
A HARDNESS OF OVER 600 P. P. M.
IT GOES EXCEPTIONALLY WELL WITH
FISH THAT'S BEEN BOILED IN IT.
SEE, THE THING ABOUT HARD WATER
IS THAT IT MAKES
FOR A GREAT STOCK.
Ring announcer: AND NOW LET'S
WELCOME TONIGHT'S FIGHTERS!
♪
IN THE EAST CORNER,
THE THIRD‐RANKED I. M. A. FIGHTER,
REPRESENTING
THE KILLER BOMB CREW...
GLEN "BLOODY LION" BURROUGHS!
( crowd cheering )
( Burroughs roars )
Ring announcer:
AND IN THE WEST CORNER,
THE FOURTH‐RANKED
I. M. A. FIGHTER,
REPRESENTING TEAM NOWHERE,
FAN FAVORITE "GEARLESS" JOE!
( crowd cheering )
Man: HUH?
Man #2: GO GET 'EM, "GEARLESS."
Man #1: HEY, IS THAT...
Man #2: WHAT'S GOING ON?
Man #3: YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME!
Announcer: LOOKS LIKE WE'VE GOT
AN INTERESTING TURN HERE, FOLKS,
AN INCONCEIVABLE TWIST
FOR THE WORLD OF MEGALO‐BOXING.
"GEARLESS" JOE, WHOSE RING NAME
HAS ALWAYS REFLECTED HIS LACK
OF FIGHTING‐ENHANCING EQUIPMENT,
STEPPED INTO THE ARENA
EQUIPPED WITH GEAR.
Commentator:
IT COULD BE A STRATEGY TO COPE
WITH THE POWER DISADVANTAGE
HE HAS FIGHTING BURROUGHS.
Announcer:
THAT IS A POSSIBILITY.
PLUS, IT SEEMS THAT, THIS TIME,
JOE WILL BE FIGHTING ALONE,
WITH NO ONE IN HIS CORNER.
( Nanbu grunts )
Fujimaki: LOOKS LIKE YOU'VE GOT
HIM TRAINED WELL, COACH NANBU.
Nanbu: I'M NOT GONNA ASK
FOR FORGIVENESS, JOE.
HELL, I DON'T EVEN DESERVE IT.
YOU PROBABLY DON'T EVEN
WANNA HEAR MY VOICE,
BUT I'M COUNTING ON YOU.
WE'RE GONNA THROW THE MATCH
IN THE THIRD ROUND.
YOU GOTTA HOLD OUT UNTIL THEN.
Burroughs: WELL, NOW, YOU PUT ON
THAT GEAR JUST FOR ME?
I'M HONORED.
WHAT A CHICKEN.
YOU AND
THAT SLEAZY GEAR OF YOURS
ARE ABOUT TO GET
SMASHED INTO GARBAGE.
( horn blows )
‐ ( crowd cheering )
‐ ( Burroughs grunts )
Yukiko: WHY WOULD HE WEAR GEAR
IN THE RING AFTER ALL THIS TIME?
Yuri: WHY?
Man: CHECK IT OUT.
HE'S GOT GEAR ON.
Man #2: SO? HE'S ALL TALK.
Man #3: DON'T CHICKEN OUT!
( Sachio grunts )
Santa: SACHIO!
WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON, MAN?!
Oicho: BIG JOE'S
IN THE RING WEARING GEAR,
AND YOU AND POPS
AREN'T OUT THERE WITH HIM.
Bonjiri: WE'RE MORE
THAN A LITTLE CONFUSED.
Santa: SACHIO!
( Sachio grunts )
I'M DONE WITH THIS.
‐ Santa: HUH?
‐ Bonjiri: HUH?
Oicho: SACHIO?
( Joe groans )
Nanbu: DON'T POKE HIM TOO MUCH.
HE'LL JUST COME AFTER YOU.
HE RELIES TOO MUCH ON HIS POWER,
SO HE NEVER STEPS IN
DEEP ENOUGH.
USE YOUR LEGS. GET AROUND HIM.
I SAID USE THOSE LEGS,
OR ELSE HE'S
GONNA SMASH YOUR GEAR!
DAMN.
Sachio: WHO CARES
ABOUT "GEARLESS" JOE?
WHO CARES
ABOUT WINNING IT ALL?
THIS WHOLE THING IS A SCAM!
( Burroughs laughs )
Nanbu: WATCH IT!
HE'S GONNA COME AT YOU HARD!
( horn blows )
Announcer: AND THAT'S
THE END OF THE FIRST ROUND!
I HAVE TO SAY,
DESPITE HAVING A BETTER SHOWING,
BURROUGHS WAS CERTAINLY LOOKING
A BIT APPREHENSIVE OUT THERE.
Commentator:
YEAH, I SAW IT, TOO.
JOE HAS THE BOXING SENSE
TO KEEP HIM IN THE GAME
AND THE STRENGTH TO TURN
A MATCH AROUND WITH ONE HIT.
Gangster #2: HMPH.
THAT COCKY LITTLE SHIT
BETTER NOT BE TRYING TO WIN.
Gangster #3: I'LL BET
HE'S JUST TUNING OUT
EVERYTHING THAT YOU'RE SAYING.
Nanbu: IF JOE WAS
REALLY TRYING TO BEAT HIM,
HE'D HAVE KNOCKED HIS LIGHTS OUT
RIGHT AFTER THAT BODY BLOW.
IT DOESN'T MATTER IF HE'S
LISTENING TO ME OR NOT.
HE'S DOING THE JOB
AND KEEPING THE FIGHT LIVELY.
( chuckles )
I DOUBT YOU GUYS
CAN SEE THAT, THOUGH.
‐ Gangster #3: HMM?
‐ Gangster #2: HUH?
YOU BETTER WATCH YOUR MOUTH,
YOU WASHED‐UP FAT‐ASS‐‐
Fujimaki: IT'S A HELL
OF A PERFORMANCE.
FIRST, HE MISSES BURROUGHS
ON PURPOSE.
THEN HE'S ONLY
SLIGHTLY OFF‐MARK.
IT'S BRILLIANT.
NO ONE WILL REALIZE
HE'S THROWING THE MATCH.
YOU'VE BEEN
GIVING HIM INSTRUCTIONS
TO HELP HIM AVOID GETTING HURT,
BUT HE'S BEEN GOING
COMPLETELY AGAINST THAT
AND TAKING PUNCHES ON PURPOSE.
( Nanbu groans )
Fujimaki: YOUR STRAY DOG'S
DEFYING YOU.
I GUESS HE'S TELLING YOU
HE DOESN'T NEED YOUR ADVICE.
( crowd cheering )
♪
Joe: I WANNA FIGHT YOU
IN A REAL MATCH,
PURE AND SIMPLE.
I THINK, AGAINST YOU,
I'D GO FURTHER
THAN I'VE EVER GONE BEFORE.
( Yuri grunts )
♪
( crowd cheering )
Announcer: IT'S EARLY
IN THE SECOND ROUND,
AND I'VE NOTICED BURROUGHS SEEMS
TO BE THROWING FEWER PUNCHES.
Commentator:
HE'S BEING CAUTIOUS, SMART.
JOE'S SHOWN A KNACK
FOR THROWING COUNTERPUNCHES.
Nanbu: DON'T! YOU GOTTA
KEEP IT GOING PAST THIS ROUND!
DID YOU HEAR ME, KID?
LISTEN TO ME FOR ONCE, DAMN IT!
YOU WON'T LAST
IF YOU KEEP THIS UP!
BLOCK AND MOVE TO THE SIDE.
THERE YOU GO. THAT'S THE WAY.
THE BIG LUG
CAN'T KEEP UP WITH YOU.
SLOW HIM DOWN WITH A SOLID
BODY SHOT AFTER HE PUNCHES,
THEN GIVE HIM A HOOK
OVER HIS SHOULDER.
HELL, YEAH!
Fujimaki: HMM.
( horn blows )
Announcer: SO FAR, JOE IS
PUTTING UP ONE HELL OF A FIGHT.
I THINK THAT'D BE THE CASE
WITH OR WITHOUT THAT GEAR
HE FINALLY PUT ON.
Commentator:
TRUE, BUT REMEMBER,
THERE WAS NO ONE ACTING
AS HIS SECOND.
PERHAPS THERE WAS A DISPUTE
ABOUT HOW
HE SHOULD FIGHT TONIGHT.
( Nanbu sighs )
Fujimaki: THINGS ARE
QUITE DIFFERENT
SINCE THE UNDERGROUND DAYS.
Nanbu: BURROUGHS IS
TOUGH AS HELL.
HIS THIRD‐PLACE RANKING
IS WELL DESERVED,
BUT IF JOE
COULD FIGHT HIM FOR REAL...
Fujimaki: I'M TALKING ABOUT YOU.
YOU'RE ACTING
LIKE A REAL TRAINER.
‐ Nanbu: EH?
‐ Gangster #1: MR. FUJIMAKI,
MOST OF THE BETS
ARE COMING IN FOR JOE.
THE ODDS HAVE GONE UP AGAIN.
Fujimaki: GOOD TO HEAR.
Sachio: WE WERE
SUPPOSED TO BE A TEAM,
BUT IN THE END, EVERYONE
ONLY CARES ABOUT THEMSELVES.
AND I WASN'T ANY DIFFERENT.
I WAS JUST USING JOE
TO GET VENGEANCE
FOR WHAT HAPPENED TO ME.
BUT NOW...
♪
♪♪ FIGHTING AND SCRAPING
JUST TO BEAT THE TOP ONE ♪
♪♪ NO WAY YOU SHOULD STOP
UNTIL THE JOB'S DONE ♪
♪♪ YOU STEPPED IN THE RING
AS "GEARLESS" JOE ♪
♪♪ NOW IT SEEMS AS THOUGH
FEAR IS ALL YOU KNOW ♪
♪♪ YOU'VE GIVEN UP
ON YOUR NUMBER ONE DREAM ♪
♪♪ YOU FORGOT
ALL ABOUT OUR NOWHERE TEAM ♪
♪♪ I'M NOT JUST SOME KID,
THE NAME IS SACHIO ♪
♪♪ BUT ON THIS ROAD, IT'S YOU,
NOT ME WHO CHOOSES WHERE TO GO ♪
♪♪ AND NO MATTER HOW HARD
IT GETS, KEEP TRYING ♪
♪♪ DON'T WORRY 'BOUT NANBU
AND ALL OF HIS LYIN' ♪
♪♪ THE PAST IS IN THE PAST,
NO NEED TO REWIND ♪
♪♪ THE FEARS ARE IN YOUR MIND,
LOOK FORWARD, NOT BEHIND ♪
♪♪ ALL I WANTED
WAS US THREE IN THE END ♪
♪♪ WINNIN' IT ALL,
DON'T CARE 'BOUT REVENGE ♪
♪♪ LET'S TAKE THE TITLE,
SO USE ALL YOUR MIGHT ♪
♪♪ DIG DEEP INSIDE,
AND WIN THE LAST FIGHT ♪
( horn blows )
Nanbu: YOU'LL DO IT
WITH ONE MINUTE TO GO.
YOU DID GREAT WORK
OUT THERE, JOE.
ONCE THIS IS ALL OVER,
YOU'RE GONNA BE A FREE MAN.
YOU WON'T HAVE TO PUT UP
WITH SHIT LIKE THIS ANYMORE.
Fujimaki: EASY, NANBU.
I THINK YOU'VE GOT
THE WRONG IDEA SOMEHOW.
( Nanbu gasps )
Fujimaki: YOU TWO HAVE DONE
SOME RATHER GOOD WORK SO FAR.
SERIOUSLY, I'M IMPRESSED.
BUT DID YOU REALLY THINK
TONIGHT WOULD ALTER ANYTHING?
I TOLD YOU.
A MAN'S NATURE DOESN'T CHANGE.
A SCORPION'S A SCORPION,
AND A STRAY DOG REMAINS A STRAY.
HE'LL BE FIGHTING
FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE...
IN MY RING.
( Nanbu gasps )
OH, NO.
Yukiko: IT'S OVER.
Oicho: PLEASE, BIG JOE.
Bonjiri: HUH?
‐ DOWN THERE!
‐ Santa: HUH?
Sachio: DON'T YOU DARE
LET IT END LIKE THIS!
( Joe gasps )
Nanbu: SACHIO?!
( Yukiko gasps ) THE BOY.
YURI!
( Joe groans )
Sachio: FIGHT FOR
YOUR OWN SAKE, JOE! DO IT!
( Nanbu gasps )
( heart beating )
Gangster #1: IT'S TIME.
YOU TWO, GET DOWN THERE,
AND GRAB THAT KID.
♪
( Joe gags )
Sachio: JOE!
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
Computer: ONE...
Sachio: WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING?!
YOU'VE BEEN FIGHTING
TO GET TO THE TOP, RIGHT?!
DON'T JUST LET IT END
AS SOME SHAM!
‐ Boys: JOE!
‐ ( Sachio gasps )
Guard: WE'RE BRINGING HIM IN.
Sachio: HEY! LET GO!
WHAT THE HELL, MAN?!
Guard: JUST CUFF HIM.
Sachio: LET ME GO, YOU ASSHOLES!
( guard #2 stammering )
Yuri: YOU HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN
WHAT YOU TOLD ME, HAVE YOU?
( Joe gasping )
Yuri: DO NOT DISAPPOINT ME.
UNDERSTAND?
‐ Nanbu: GET UP!
‐ ( Joe gasps )
Nanbu: ON YOUR FEET, JOE!
♪
NO ONE'S GONNA LAY A FINGER
ON SACHIO. GOT IT?!
AND NOBODY'S GONNA
TAKE TOMORROW FROM YOU!
GET UP. GET UP, AND FIGHT.
THIS IS IT!
YOUR TOMORROW'S COMING, JOE!
YOU'VE GOT THE TRUE SKILLS
OF A CHAMPION,
AND THAT'S
A GANSAKU NANBU GUARANTEE.
YOU'RE NOT TAKING FALLS ANYMORE.
Computer: 7, 8...
9...
( crowd cheering )
Man: GET HIM, JOE!
Burroughs: EH? HUH?
Joe: I'M NOT DONE YET.
IT'S NOT GONNA END LIKE THIS.
( Sachio gasps )
( chuckles )
( scuffling, grunting )
Burroughs:
BAD MOVE, YOU DUMB‐ASS!
Joe: I'M DONE
DANCING AROUND WITH A LION.
Burroughs: HUH?
‐ ( gasps )
‐ ( Yuri gasps )
Trainer: DON'T RUSH IT!
CALM DOWN, GLEN!
( crowd gasping )
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
( crowd cheering )
Referee: WITH A K.O.
AT 2:56 INTO ROUND THREE,
THE WINNER IS "GEARLESS" JOE
OF TEAM NOWHERE!
( horn blows )
Announcer: IT WAS OVER
IN AN INSTANT!
I'VE STILL
GOT GOOSEBUMPS OVER HERE!
THE EARLIER ROUNDS
HAD US IN SUSPENSE,
BUT "GEARLESS" JOE'S SAVAGE
AND BEAUTIFUL COUNTERPUNCH
SINKS BURROUGHS
IN THE BLINK OF AN EYE!
Sachio: JOE!
( crowd chanting )
JOE! JOE!
Sachio: JOE!
‐ JOE, YOU'RE FREAKIN' AMAZING!
‐ ( Joe laughing )
Crowd: JOE! JOE!
( boys laughing )
( Nanbu laughs )
OVER ALREADY, HUH?
Fujimaki: YOU SURE PICKED
THE WRONG MAN TO STING, NANBU.
THAT WAS YOUR LAST CHANCE.
( Nanbu chuckles )
Announcer: WITH THE RESULTS
OF TONIGHT'S FIGHT,
THE FINAL MATCH OF MEGALONIA
WILL BE YURI VS. "GEARLESS" JOE.
IT'S SURE TO BE
THE MOST UNPREDICTABLE MATCH
TO EVER GRACE THE RING.
Yukiko: WHAT'S GOING ON, YURI?
Yuri: JEALOUSY.
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE,
I FELT WHAT JEALOUSY IS LIKE.
"GEARLESS" JOE,
HE HAS TRUE SKILL.
( chuckles )
( Joe and Sachio panting )
( gangsters grunting )
Joe: POPS, NO!
‐ ( gasps )
‐ ( Sachio gasps )
Joe: WAS IT YOU?
DID YOU DO THIS TO HIM?!
‐ Nanbu: BACK OFF, KID.
‐ Joe: BUT, POPS...
Nanbu: I SETTLED EVERYTHING UP
ALL ON MY OWN.
THIS DOESN'T INVOLVE YOU.
GOT IT?
IF YOU'RE NOT SATISFIED WITH
AN EYEBALL AS PAYMENT IN FULL,
THEN I'M READY TO RIP OUT
MY DAMN HEART
AND FORK IT OVER TO YOU!
Fujimaki: GET OUT OF MY SIGHT.
Gangster #1: EH, MR. FUJIMAKI.
Fujimaki: THE MAN WHO WANTED
TO SEE THE KID DANCE IN THE RING
MORE THAN ANYBODY ANYWHERE
WILLINGLY TORE OUT ANY CHANCE
HE HAD OF SEEING THAT HAPPEN.
YOU THINK JUST ANYBODY
COULD PULL THAT KIND OF STUNT?
( chuckles )
I'M AMUSED.
♪
( Yuri grunting )
( dog growling )
( grunting continues )
♪
♪♪Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )